##  **What skills do you want to develop and/or expand?**
   - I want to learn more about the Unity Burst/Job system. I already used it during the 8-week project in year 2 (which is already around 1.5 years ago for me), and would like to use it more extensively. 
   - I'd like to learn (even) more about AI, decision making, mostly. I already did some projects on pathfinding so that's probably not a major focus during this project, although could still be a basic feature if the concept of the game requires it.
   - I'd like to practice developing gameplay systems by properly implementing design patterns (to be used for dynamically spawning enemies, a basic inventory system, object pooling). The systems should first meet the basic requirements, and allow for extension if required. This goes for the whole project. It's important to have an MVP, so first develop the structure of the game and then refine where necessary.)
   Both the 2nd and 3rd point can be done combined with the 1st point (program these systems using the Burst/Job packages). 
   
##  **Why do you want to develop/expand those skills?**
   - Because games/applications get progressively more demanding on the devices' hardware, I think it's important to be able to fully utilize that hardware using the burst/job system packages. If I already had experience with Unity ECS I'd consider using that rather than the usual C# OOP. But as I don't have any experience with that, it's best for me to limit the scope of the project to make sure I have a properly functioning and presentable product in the end. Still, I should be able to learn a lot about multithreading etc using the mentioned Unity packages.
   - With games becoming more complex and with that the AI agents, I want to extend my skills in developing these agents to keep up with current market developments. AI has always been an interest of mine as well.
   - During my internship, I got to work on a large codebase where I worked on several large systems working together (and saw flaws in them as well). I want to expand my skills in developing systems that work well together (software architecture, design patterns).

##  **What product do you want to build/make in order to  demonstrate your skills?**
   - A small game (can always be expanded. Depending on if I work together with someone, I can increase the scope). A long time ago, I bought the MIlitary pack from Synty Studios but haven't done anything with it since. During my minor, I want to use those assets in a project. I'm not sure yet what type of game it should be, in terms of story/arcade game, FPS/top down, etc. But that's something to figure out during the initial week(s), as well as the actual scope of the project. Base the concept on what I think is achievable for me over a period of 5 months (a bit less to account for setbacks as mentioned in the next paragraph). 
   
 